I have included a prebuilt FreeType.dll for the windows 
version of the dynamic linker.  While using this one is not
strictly necessary, it will prove to be the most 
accomodating to the FreeType user on windows.

It was custom compiled using the Digitalmars C compiler for
optimal compatibility with the D language.
  
Since many of the FreeType dll distributions available on the
internet do not include the complete FreeType function package, I 
decided it would be practical to include this one just in case. 
By default, I compiled it with all FreeType modules enabled.

The linux shared libraries appear to vary as to what functions
are supported.  Some include all FreeType functions defined in 
this package; others exclude a few functions.  But, in general,
most libfreetype.so's appear to be more complete than their 
windows counterparts.  I tested this with Ubuntu 5.10 and found
that FT_Get_Charmap_Index function failed to load; there may be
others that fail also.  You can use Derelict's exception 
utility to get around functions that aren't supported on your
linux or windows system.

Also, on some Linux distributions, the file or link name for
"libfreetype.so" is not available. Some systems only support
links to specific library versions, such as "libfreetype.so.6".
This Derelict version attempts to load "libfreetype.so" by
default.  If your linux system does not have a symbolic link
with that name, you may use Derelict's direct library loading
feature to load the specific library on your system manually.

If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them on the
www.dsource.org derelict forums.

-JJR 
